NARRATOR As our heroes continue
to make their way
to Anistar City they soon arrive
at the foot of Mount Molteau.
A volcano?
Think that mountain
could be one?
[CURIOUS]
I do.
Up there, see the smoke
coming out near the top?
Yeah. Wow.
CHARMELEON
[FOCUSED]
Hey, do you hear that noise?
Could it be a Pokémon?
[CURIOUS]
‐ What Pokémon is that?
‐ It's a Charmeleon.
SERENA
Charmeleon?
Charmeleon.
The Flame Pokémon
and the evolved
form of Charmander.
'Charmeleon knocks down
opponents with its tail'
'then defeats them
using razor‐sharp claws.'
[EXCITED]
‐ Hey, Pikachu?
‐ Dedenne!
[ATTACK]
[PANICKED]/[EXERTION]
Pikachu, are you okay?
[RELIEVED]
Hey, why did you
have to do that?
‐ Charmeleon!
‐ Hm?
Huh? Oh, there you are,
Charmeleon.
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
I know that voice.
Trevor? Is that you?
Yeah.
♪ You're just a kid
on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best
of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world ♪
♪ Is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A LEGENDARY PHOTO OP!"
TREVOR
Whoa, what a surprise.
I never thought
I'd run into you out here.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Why does Charmeleon seem to be
in such an awful mood?
And it's like that,
no matter what I do!
Maybe Charmeleon wants to have
a Pokémon battle.
Yeah?
Is that what you want,
Charmeleon?
[EXCITED]
Great, just leave it
to me, okay?
Fletchinder, come on out!
[APPEARING]
A good battle oughta be
just the thing
to calm Charmeleon
right down.
Thank you so much, Ash.
A battle should do the trick!
[HAPPY]
Okay. Let's do it!
Okay, Charmeleon,
ready to go?
[DETERMINED]
Alright, let's start out
with Fire Spin!
[FIRE SPIN MOVE]
Quick, get out of there now!
[EXERTION]
Now, use Flamethrower!
Deflect it with Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
You've got an opening!
Use Flame Charge!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
[STRUGGLING]
[EXERTION]
So cool!
Charmeleon's really something.
It's definitely
been well trained.
Charmeleon, use Dragon Claw!
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
[DETERMINED]
Tough stuff.
Now's your chance.
Use Flamethrower!
Up in the air!
[FOCUSED]
Now use Steel Wing, let's go!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
[PROUD]
[explosion]
[DAZED]
And that is it.
Oh, no!
Charmeleon, are you alright?
[WEAK]
Fletchinder, you were awesome!
[PROUD]
Feeling better now?
[CALM]
Yay, you're feeling better!
Charmeleon, that's wonderful.
You're all the best. Thanks!
[chuckles]
[HAPPY]
Last I saw you guys was at
Pokémon summer camp, am I right?
Uh‐huh. That was so much fun.
We had a really great time.
Charmeleon evolved
from Charmander
but its personality
hasn't changed a bit.
Charmeleon's been unbelievable
in Gym battles
and thanks to all of its hard
work, I even earned a Bug Badge.
Wow, that means
you beat Viola.
Obviously you're working hard.
Yeah, but not just me.
Shauna and Tierno
were working real hard too.
[gasps]
Tierno's right!
‐ You do look great!
‐ I do?
It's just that I got a message
from Tierno telling me
that your clothes and hair
are looking amazing these days.
How nice. Thanks.
So have you all come here
looking for Moltres too?
Moltres?
TREVOR
Am I wrong?
You mean
the Legendary Pokémon?
Legendary?
Articuno, Zapdos and Moltres.
They're Pokémon whose existence
has already been confirmed
but who appear to be
extraordinarily difficult
to track down.
I wanna meet Moltres too!
An examination and analysis
of various documents
leads me to believe that Moltres
is on Mount Molteau.
ASH 'You wanna take a picture of
it, don't you?'
Right, it's always been my dream
to meet every Pokémon
in the Pokédex and add them all
to my photo collection!
See this?
'Zapdos!'
'And Articuno!'
No way!
You've met
Legendary Pokémon?
Not fair!
Incredible, Trevor!
[IMPRESSED]
If I can get Moltres,
I'll have taken photos
of each of these
three Legendary Pokémon!
And check this out!
'Look!'
Aren't these Scatterbug
really rare?
Why are they rare?
They look like normal
Scatterbug.
What are you talking about?
Just look at the antennae!
'See? The lengths are ever
so slightly different.'
Wow, are they?
Subtle, but they're not
the same.
Hold on. That's important?
Sure is!
You see, it's almost
impossible
to find
this kind of Scatterbug.
You can't get any more rare
than these two!
Yup, this is a picture
almost no one gets!
I've also got a Whiscash
with straight whiskers
who's only
been spotted at Eur Lake.
Then there's this Golem!
The pattern of its shell
and body
are slightly different
than usual.
It's only been confirmed
recently
and so few know about
it, I had a really hard time
getting this picture.
Believe me!
And look at this rare
Sableye with a crystal eye
that's slightly
darker than usual!
This is really rare too!
Anyway, that's what
I have so far.
So you all get it now, huh?
You bet.
You've met all kinds of Pokémon.
Right. And Moltres is gonna be
the very next photograph I take.
We'll help you look
for Moltres if you want.
[EXCITED]
It'll be much faster that way.
‐ I wanna see too.
‐ Yay!
‐ And don't forget me.
‐ Thank you!
That would be a big help.
JESSIE 'That Pict‐o‐Twerp is
quite a go‐getter, isn't he?'
Yeah. I never would've
imagined Moltres
is hangin' out
on this mountain.
If we were to procure
Legendary Pokémon
Team Rocket could write
a one‐way ticket
to Successville.
MEOWTH 'Grabbin' Pikachu
would be a breeze'
'and our grateful Boss
would be ever so pleased.'
But catching Moltres
is job number one.
So let's get that job done.
‐ What fun.
[EAGER]
‐ This is Moltres for sure?
‐ Yup.
No doubt about it!
But it's really hard
to see anything.
How do you know? Huh?
There's no other Pokémon with
wings shaped just like that.
And, according to my research,
Moltres has been spotted
on Mount Molteau in the past.
'It was an accident
that Moltres got in there'
'in the first place.'
'It didn't even know it was
being photographed.'
'But if we head up to that big
rock, I know we'll see it!'
Hm.
SERENA 'So that's all we have
to go on, huh?'
So we're heading to a big rock.
I'd say this is my cue.
And that means the future
is now, thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear, on!
I thought that we'd encounter
a situation
precisely like this one.
This is called
my Rock Searcher Mark One!
"Rock Searcher Mark One?"
You think it's gonna work
this time?
[UNSURE]
Oh, wow! This is one of your
famous inventions!
Huh?
I input the landscape of this
photograph into its memory.
Then my amazing device
will locate an exact match
automatically.
Awesome.
Please save the praise
for later, my good friend.
After we discover Moltres'
location, you can thank me.
'Rock Searcher Mark One, on!'
[gasps]
Science is so amazing!
[AMAZED]
Let's go say hi to Moltres!
DEDENNE
[EXCITED]
Let's stick to 'em like glue.
‐ Woo‐hoo.
[FOCUSED]
That's it?
[gasps]
Looks like it's not a match.
But it's still looking around.
[ANGRY]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Charmeleon!
[buzzing]
Doesn't look like it's having
too much luck.
[DISAPPOINTED]
Aah! What's that?
‐ Oh, that's just a Crustle.
‐ Look closer.
You don't see that kind of
complex‐patterned layering
hardly ever.
‐ Huh?
‐ So cool!
Huh? Look!
'The tips of that
Butterfree's antennae'
'are slightly smaller
than normal!'
'That's rare.'
'No, that's super‐rare!'
I never dreamed I would run into
a Butterfree like that here!
How lucky can I get?!
I would say
that this particular area
is a Pokémon photographer's
paradise.
[gasps]
Wrong again.
‐ Trevor! Let's go!
‐ Please, just one more minute.
This is incredible!
I think he's forgotten
about Moltres.
He works so hard.
Photography seems tough.
Now's our chance
to get to Moltres
before the Twerps do.
Ooh.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Huh?
MEOWTH
It stopped in its tracks.
What's wrong? Getting lazy?
Maybe it's on the fritz.
JAMES If that's true
we won't be able to procure
Moltres or Pikachu.
[screaming]
Who's at the door?
It's a warning bell!
Ooh! You stupid!
[explosion]
[WORRIED]
What was that?
Not my Rock Searcher Mark One.
Let's go find out.
[coughing]
Rock Searcher Mark done!
MEOWTH
'Twerps closin' in fast!'
[gasps]
'I knew it.'
Another one bites the dust.
Now, we'll never find out
where Moltres is.
[DISAPPOINTED]
Oh, no.
[screaming]
Clemont, what's going on?!
It's gone completely haywire!
[screaming]
[sighs]
Are you okay, Pikachu?
Pikachu, no!
Pikachu, yes.
Team Rocket!
Prepare for trouble,
that certainly went well.
And make it double,
success is swell!
To protect our work
and all it achieves.
To expose our roles
as Pikachu thieves!
To denounce the evils
of taking appalling pics.
To watch you lie there
like a ton of bricks!
Jessie.
And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
Surrender now or prepare
for a photo finish fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[PROUD]
SERENA
So you followed us again!
JAMES
Perceptive!
The plan was to make Moltres
into one of our associates.
But since the odds of you
finding it are zero
we'll take Pikachu
and call it a day.
Fletchinder, let's go!
[APPEARING]
Two can play at that game!
The game is rigged
in our favor!
Gourgeist, Shadow Ball!
Okay, Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Fletchinder! Dodge it, quick!
[EXERTION]
That Gourgeist's size
is totally rare!
Trevor! Save the pics
for another time!
You're right. Charmeleon! Now!
Use Flamethrower!
Deflect it with Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Wrap it up, Gourgeist.
‐ Done!
‐ We've had enough fun!
‐ Shadow Ball!
‐ Psybeam, let's go!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
Dodge it.
[EXERTION]
Shadow Ball.
Once more with feeling!
And it's Psybeam for the win!
[EXERTION]
Will you stop being
a moving target!
MOLTRES
[ANNOYED]
[URGENT]
Huh? What's that?
MOLTRES
[ANGRY]
It sounded like
a roar to me.
I'm scared.
You don't think that's..
[screaming]
Hot, hot, hot, hot!
Whoa. Could that be
the Legendary Pokémon?
Is it Moltres?
[PROUD]
So Moltres was here
hiding in the volcano's magma
all along!
Incredible.
I've heard about that before.
'It's said that Moltres rests
in volcano lava'
'in order to build up
its power!'
We finally meet!
It's like a dream!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Huh?
Okay, we are going back
to plan A.
Let's take Moltres away.
‐ Okay. Inkay!
‐ Gourgeist!
‐ Shadow Ball!
‐ Psybeam!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
There's no doubt about it.
That's one legendary
Flamethrower.
Why don't you write
a fan letter?
MEOWTH 'Who'd have thought
grabbing Pikachu would've been'
'our second choice?'
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Quick, Fletchinder.
Use Steel Wing!
Break Pikachu
out of there!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
[HAPPY]
Pikachu! Hey, buddy.
Fletchinder, thanks a lot.
[PROUD]
[ANGRY]
Look out!
[screaming]
I'll bet Moltres thinks
we're friends with Team Rocket!
‐ No way!
‐ Stop it!
We're not your enemies!
[ATTACK]
Gotta do it.
Frogadier, go!
[APPEARING]
Alright, Frogadier,
Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
What happened?
It evaporated?
So let's try fire! Charmeleon!
Flamethrower, now!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[FOCUSED]
[ATTACK]
Dodge it, quick!
[EXERTION]
[ATTACK]
No!
ASH
'Fletchinder, you okay?'
[STRUGGLING]
Ash!
Trevor, let me go!
'Fletchinder, I'm coming!'
[gasps]
Oh, no!
[STRUGGLING]
[DETERMINED]
Huh?
[EVOLVING]
[screaming]
That light..
Could it be?
Ah. It's evolving. Awesome!
[FOCUSED]
Talonflame.
The Scorching Pokémon and
the evolved form of Fletchinder.
'During an intense battle,
Talonflame expels embers'
'from gaps
between its feathers.'
'It reaches speeds of more than
three hundred miles per hour'
'chasing prey.'
Wow. A Talonflame.
[PROUD]
Here it comes!
[BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
What was that?
That was Brave Bird!
Brave Bird is without a doubt
one of the most powerful
of all Flying‐type moves!
Whoa, really?
[ATTACK]
Now, Talonflame,
use Brave Bird!
[BRAVE BIRD MOVE]
[ATTACK]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
It's so fast!
[DETERMINED]
[ATTACK]
Aah!
Talonflame!
Ash, hold on!
[screaming]
[EXERTION]
[grunts]
Ash, oh, no!
Frogadier, pull them up fast!
Talonflame, are you alright?
[RELIEVED]
[sighs]
Ash, that was a close one.
You sure can be reckless
sometimes.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
[ANGRY]
Sorry I scared you, Pikachu.
Thanks a lot, Talonflame.
[PROUD]
Wow.
‐ It's leaving.
‐ Yeah.
I think Moltres finally knows
we're not actually enemies.
I wonder where
it's going to go now.
[AMAZED]
Cool. I got a great shot!
Trevor, that's wonderful.
I guess it was all worth it.
Yeah! I'm really glad!
We've got a lot of things
to do, Talonflame.
Let's work hard!
[FOCUSED]
[EXCITED]
[DETERMINED]
[thinking] Perfect. I'll add
this to my collection.
NARRATOR A trip to Mount Molteau
has given our heroes
the chance to meet
the Legendary Pokémon Moltres.
On top of that, Fletchinder
has evolved into Talonflame.
And so, with all kinds
of new Pokémon yet to meet
and all kinds of new adventures
yet to experience
the journey continues.
[theme music]